readme.md, before:

<img src="./ferrum-banner.png" width="100%">

---

# **Ferrum:** based math has arrived

Ferrum is a Rust math library designed to build some **very cool** math-related functions and projects without relying on other libraries.

In addition to refusing math libraries, I also chose to ignore built-in complex number functionality and the exponentiation operator. Everything here is built from scratch; I like my math completely homemade.

This is a personal project, so I'll be focusing less on speed,
and new stuff will only be added when I feel like adding it.

## **We have:** *(so far)*

- Complex number and quaternion structs, with `+ - * /` implemented between both these and `f32` real numbers

- Polynomial type; includes evaluation, `+ - *`, calculus, and complete complex solving using Newton's method

- The complex exponential function using Taylor series

- The complex natural logarithm using its Taylor series and extensive range-fixing

- Trigonometric (and hyperbolic trigonometric) functions using the exponential

- Inverse trigonometric funtions using the logarithm and roots

- Fatou and Mandelbrot set fractal rendering for the famous recursive formula z^2 + c

- Generalized input-space and parameter-space capability for rendering fractals with any recursive formula

- Writing into a custom image format, [NPXL](https://github.com/nptnl/nxl), for compact render storage

- A constant `BASED` that's always `true`

*(See the function details and math concepts in
[doc.md](./doc.md))*

*(More on the way — find it in
[todo.md](./todo.md))*

---

See more concepts, information, terrible memes, and documentation in my Python math library, [puremath](https://github.com/nptnl/puremath).

See the viewer designed for NPXL at
[npxl-viewer](https://github.com/notseanray/npxl-viewer) by
[@notseanray](https://github.com/notseanray),
and formatting information/documentation [here](https://github.com/nptnl/nxl).

Commit message:

it was wrong the whole time
ln(x) fixed again!!

complex exponentiation introduced

log(n,x) introduced

readme.md, after:

<img src="./ferrum-banner.png" width="100%">

---

# **Ferrum:** based math has arrived

Ferrum is a Rust math library designed to build some **very cool** math-related functions and projects without relying on other libraries.

In addition to refusing math libraries, I also chose to ignore built-in complex number functionality and the exponentiation operator. Everything here is built from scratch; I like my math completely homemade.

This is a personal project, so I'll be focusing less on speed (although this is indeed Rust),
and new stuff will only be added when I feel like adding it.

## **We have:** *(so far)*

- Complex number and quaternion structs, with `+ - * /` implemented between both these and `f32` real numbers

- Polynomial type; includes evaluation, `+ - *`, calculus, and complete complex solving using Newton's method

- The complex exponential function using Taylor series

- The complex natural logarithm using its Taylor series and extensive range-fixing

- Full complex exponentiation and logarithms using both of these

- Trigonometric (and hyperbolic trigonometric) functions using the exponential

- Inverse trigonometric funtions using the logarithm and roots

- Fatou and Mandelbrot set fractal rendering for the famous recursive formula z^2 + c

- Generalized input-space and parameter-space capability for rendering fractals with any recursive formula

- Writing into a custom image format, [NPXL](https://github.com/nptnl/nxl), for compact render storage

- A constant `BASED` that's always `true`

*(See the function details and math concepts in
[doc.md](./doc.md))*

*(More on the way — find it in
[todo.md](./todo.md))*

---

See more concepts, information, terrible memes, and documentation in my Python math library, [puremath](https://github.com/nptnl/puremath).

See the viewer designed for NPXL at
[npxl-viewer](https://github.com/notseanray/npxl-viewer) by
[@notseanray](https://github.com/notseanray),
and formatting information/documentation
[here](https://github.com/nptnl/nxl).
